EC: Workflow Mapping Activity
	Unfortunately, I have made a good chunk of progress on my final project before starting this activity. I wish that I had done it before, but such is life. When I started the video for the workshop, I thought that I would have a super detailed, concrete plan of what needed to be done. I did end up with that, but I think I thought that it would give me the answers I needed to find in research, so that researching and testing wouldn't take as long. Luckily I have already done a large amount of research and testing, so I haven't accrued extra work that needs to be done, if that makes sense. What this workshop really gave me was a chance to look through each step of my project, look at what I needed to use, what would come out of it, and what issues there might be with it. 
	At first, I felt like I already knew the big pieces of my project - brainstorm, code, test, code, test, code, test, etc. until the end of time. When I started to think of the big pieces and actually write them down, I found it difficult because I only thought of it as and endless loop. More on that later. Elizabeth's tip to start at the beggining and the end, and then fill in the middle, helped a lot. I didn't realize I was any amount of overwhelmed, but in reality I couldn't think of anything to write on my post-its. I did know, however, where I had started and where I wanted to end up. 
	Having the "pain points" is a great addition to this activity. Until that part of the workshop, this seemed like a familiar timeline project plan with some added detail above and below. The pain points force you to look at your project and find the issues with your current plan. If you know of issues already, it helps you to confront them. If you don't, it forces you to find things about the process that you don't fully understand or to find things in the process that can be improved. 
	All in all, this workshop was super helpful and it didn't take very long to go through and create a workflow map. The questions from the pain points also helped me find things within and around the project to research, which will let me continue on with the progress I have already made.